====== Cambridge F2F August 2008 ======

Proposed topics for topics for the August 2008 CSS Working Group Face-to-Face meeting in Cambridge. This should be a technical meeting, and focus should be on topics that benefit from us all being in the same room. Add any proposed topics below: we will filter and sort later.

  * Vertical layout terminology Note
  * Styling ('appearance' property?) for the implicit video controls of HTML5
  * The improved MWI test harness and how to put our existing test suites in it
  * Create a 'milestones' roadmap for completion of CSS 2.1; identify test coverage completion targets
  * <insert your topic here>

