===== TPAC 2017 =====

==== Place, Logistics, etc. ====

  * [[https://www.w3.org/2017/11/TPAC/]]
  * full TPAC week is 06-10 November 2017
  * CSS WG meeting days are Mon-Tue 06-07 from 9am to 6pm
  * Burlingame, CA, USA at the Hyatt Regency SFO

==== Participants =====

Please, put your name in this table if you plan to participate (alphabetical order by given name):

^ Name ^ Arrival ^ Departure ^ Hotel ^ Flight info and notes ^
| Alan Stearns | | | | |
| Dave Cramer | | | | massive conflict with PWG |
| Emil A Eklund | n/a | n/a | Home | Will miss first two hours on Monday |
| Eric Willigers | 5 Nov | 10 Nov | | |
| fantasai | | | AirBnB | likely BART+bicycle |
| Florian Rivoal | 5 Nov | 11 Nov | Bay Landing Hotel | KE724+KE023 / KE026+KE723|
| François REMY | 5 Nov | 11 Nov | TPAC Hotel | Airplane | 
| Geoffrey Sneddon | 5 Nov | 18 Nov | Hyatt Regency SFO | Monday only, conflict with WPT on Tuesday; EI3221+EI147 / BA286+BA1488 |
| Hiroshi Sakakibara | 5 Nov | 11 Nov | Hyatt Regency SFO | NH0008 / NH0007 |
| Javier Fernández | 5 Nov | 9 Nov | Hyatt Regency SFO | BA7111+BA4271+BA4369 |
| Jen Simmons | 29 Oct | 10 Nov | AirBnB | airplane to An Event Apart San Fran, plus rental car |
| Jihye Hong | 5 Nov | 10 Nov | Holiday Inn Exp SF Airport South |  |
| L. David Baron | 30 Sep | 10 Dec | home | probably BART to Millbrae + walk or bus; will miss roughly 9:00-11:00 Monday (TAG), and possibly 15:00-18:00 Tuesday (AC) |
| Melanie Richards | 5 Nov | 9 Nov | Hyatt Regency SFO | Alaska 324, 323 |
| Naina Raisinghani | 5 Nov | 11 Nov | Crowne Plaza San Francisco Airport | |
| Nat McCully | 3 Nov | 7 Nov | AirBnB | |
| Peter Linss | 5 Nov | 11 Nov | Hyatt Regency SFO | YZF-R1 |
| Rachel Andrew | 5 Nov | 8 Nov | AirBNB |  |
| Simon Fraser | n/a | n/a | Local |  |
| Simon Pieters | 5 Nov | 8 Nov | AirBnB | UA 2400 / SK 936 |
| Tab Atkins | local |
| Tantek Çelik | 2017-10-19 | 2017-12-08 | home | likely BART+bicycle |
| Tomoya Kimura | 5 Nov | 12 Nov | Bay Landing Hotel | JL002 / JL001 |
| Greg Whitworth | 5 Nov | 11 Nov | | |
Regrets:

* Koji Ishii, can't make due to a conflict, but would like to call in for text topics if possible.
(See also the current [[https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/35125/TPAC2017/registrants#CSS|TPAC registrations]] [member-only])
==== Schedule ====

=== Monday ===

=== Tuesday ===

11am: APA/ARIA

==== Proposed Agenda ====
  * line height / line spacing related
    * [[https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-style/2017Oct/0013.html|unifying line grid / rhythm / line spacing proposals]] (dbaron)
    * [[https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/938|Avoiding accidental double spacing]] (if remote is possible, probably after dbaron's proposal, koji)
    * Interop on the line-height property https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1796 (Florian)
    * Interaction between line grid + size + position https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1856 ( Florian)
  * intrinsic size of 'overflow: auto/scroll' and its impact on auto-sized grid/flex item ancestors
  * General animation of offset-path and d path strings (https://github.com/w3c/fxtf-drafts/issues/225)
  * Cleaning up owners files for testing (gregwhitworth)
  * WG feedback about [[https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1755 testing policy]], experience so far, what is needed (zcorpan)
  * [[https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1898|logical/physical property cascade and the .style API]] (tabatkins)
  * [[https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1322|Non-interop on sizing images in flexbox]] (tab & fantasai & jen) 
  * [[https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/509|%s and intrinsic sizes in Grid]] (tab & fantasai)
  * Interaction of scroll-snap and JS scrolling APIs (tab & fantasai) ([[https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1707|#1707]], [[https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1708|#1708]])
  * [[https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/374|::selection cascade]]
  * line-clamp (tab & eae?) (https://twitter.com/bfgeek/status/925486371937980416)
  * * [[https://tabatkins.github.io/specs/construct-stylesheets/|Constructable Stylesheets]] (tab & eric)
  * Navigation related
    * [[https://github.com/lgeweb/spatial-navigation/blob/master/explainer.md|APIs for the spatial focus navigation proposal]] (jihye)
    * Making directional navigation composable https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1910 (Florian)
    * Controlling sequential navigation: https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1748 + https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/1764 (Florian)